And we sit there, by its margin, while the moon, who loves it too, stoops 
down to kiss it with a sister's kiss, and throws her silver arms around 
it clingingly; and we watch it as it flows, ever singing, ever 
whispering, out to meet its king, the sea - till our voices die away in 
silence, and the pipes go out - till we, common-place, everyday young men 
enough, feel strangely full of thoughts, half sad, half sweet, and do not 
care or want to speak - till we laugh, and, rising, knock the ashes from 
our burnt-out pipes, and say "Good-night," and, lulled by the lapping 
water and the rustling trees, we fall asleep beneath the great, still 
stars, and dream that the world is young again - young and sweet as she 
used to be ere the centuries of fret and care had furrowed her fair face, 
ere her children's sins and follies had made old her loving heart - sweet 
as she was in those bygone days when, a new-made mother, she nursed us, 
her children, upon her own deep breast - ere the wiles of painted 
civilization had lured us away from her fond arms, and the poisoned 
sneers of artificiality had made us ashamed of the simple life we led 
with her, and the simple, stately home where mankind was born so many 
thousands years ago.

Harris said:

"How about when it rained?"

You can never rouse Harris.  There is no poetry about Harris - no wild 
yearning for the unattainable.  Harris never "weeps, he knows not why."  
If Harris's eyes fill with tears, you can bet it is because Harris has 
been eating raw onions, or has put too much Worcester over his chop.

If you were to stand at night by the sea-shore with Harris, and say:

"Hark! do you not hear?  Is it but the mermaids singing deep below the 
waving waters; or sad spirits, chanting dirges for white corpses, held by 
seaweed?"  Harris would take you by the arm, and say:

"I know what it is, old man; you've got a chill.  Now, you come along 
with me.  I know a place round the corner here, where you can get a drop 
of the finest Scotch whisky you ever tasted - put you right in less than 
no time."

Harris always does know a place round the corner where you can get 
something brilliant in the drinking line.  I believe that if you met 
Harris up in Paradise (supposing such a thing likely), he would 
immediately greet you with:

"So glad you've come, old fellow; I've found a nice place round the 
corner here, where you can get some really first-class nectar."

In the present instance, however, as regarded the camping out, his 
practical view of the matter came as a very timely hint.  Camping out in 
rainy weather is not pleasant.

It is evening.  You are wet through, and there is a good two inches of 
water in the boat, and all the things are damp.  You find a place on the 
banks that is not quite so puddly as other places you have seen, and you 
land and lug out the tent, and two of you proceed to fix it.
